---
title: Homework
module: 1
---

# Discord

<iframe src="https://umontana.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Embed.aspx?id=2dd165a4-5dc4-40b4-84c7-b0f40176bec8&autoplay=false&offerviewer=true&showtitle=false&showbrand=false&captions=false&interactivity=none" height="405" width="720" style="border: 1px solid #464646;" allowfullscreen allow="autoplay" aria-label="Panopto Embedded Video Player"></iframe>

<p>Discord is what we will be using to communicate as a class in an online setting. It is a common platform used in the tech industry in a similar fashion</p>
<p>Use the general chat to post any question on the course content to get any help or feedback from myself, the TA or your colleagues. If you know the answer, pitch in and help out. You can even post on here anything coding related you would like to share!</p>
<p>Feel free to use the voice chat to collaborate or work through problems together. If it is something that you all would like, we can schedule some time to all meet on it together</p>
<p>There will be weekly channels that you will required to participate in discussions and respond to two of your peers. Posts will be due by Monday and responses by Friday the following week.</p>
<p>If you are new to Discord - you will need to create an account. Please use a professional name so we can keep track for grading.</p>
<p>Likewise, if you have a Discord account, you might need to get a new one and use your name to make grading easier. If your name or what you would like to be referred to as does not match the roster just let me or the TA know and we will gladly accomadate!</p>
<p>The goal of the discord is simple to offer connection and community in our online environment. Hope this helps! </p>

<p><a href="https://discord.gg/bEzNZp2X48">Press this link here to join and post an introduction in the week1 forum!</a>
<p>You can navigate discord through your browser, download the desktop version or get the app to get notifications to your phone! </p>
